.TH circuits.bench 1 "Jun 2011" "circuits 2.0.2" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
circuits.bench \- simple benchmaking of the circuits library
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B circuits.bench
[\fIoptions\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
circuits.bench does some simple benchmaking of the circuits library.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-b\fR \fIaddress:[port]\fR
Bind to address:[port] (UDP) to test remote events. Default address is 0.0.0.0.
.TP
\fB-c\fR \fIinteger\fR
Set concurrency level to \fIinteger\fR. Default is 1.
.TP
\fB-d\fR
Enable debug mode.
.TP
\fB-e\fR \fInumber\fR
Stop after specified \fInumber\fR of events. Default is 0.
.TP
\fB-f\fR \fInumber\fR
\fInumber\fR of dummy events to fill queue with. Default is 0.
.TP
\fB-l\fR
Listen on 0.0.0.0:8000 (UDP) to test remote events.
.TP
\fB-m\fR \fImode\fR
Set operation mode. \fImode\fR can be \fIlatency\fR, \fIspeed\fR or \fIsync\fR.
Default \fImode\fR is \fIspeed\fR.
.TP
\fB-o\fR \fIformat\fR
Specify output format.
For example \fIformat\fR can be:"cicuits.bench: events:%s, speed:%s, time:%s"
.TP
\fB-p\fR
Enable execution profiling support.
.TP
\fB-q\fR
Suppress output.
.TP
\fB-s\fR
Enable psyco (circuits on speed!) if it is available.
.TP
\fB-t\fR \fIseconds\fR
Stop after specified elapsed \fIseconds\fR.
.TP
\fB-w\fR
Wait for remote nodes to connect.
.TP
\fB--version\fR
Output version information and exit.
.SH AUTHOR
James Mills <prologic@shortcircuit.net.au>
.PP
This manual page was written by Daniele Tricoli <eriol@mornie.org>, for the
Debian project (but may be used by others).
