= !ChangeLog =

[[TOC]]

== 1.0b1 ==
 Released:: 20081231 (''31st December 2008'')
 Revision:: [261]

=== Documentation ===
 * In [208]: [source:circuits/debugger.py debugger]: Removed useless docstring examples/test
 * In [210]: [source:docs/cl docs/cl], Fixed cl script to accept an argument rather than hard coding the revision in
 * In [211]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Fixed spelling error

=== NEW ===
 * In [225]: [source:circuits/workers.py workers]: Renamed Worket to Thread. Implemented Process component for multiprocessing support - requried multiprocessing module
 * In [243]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Call "registered" function if available in y (component being registered) when adding (+).
 * In [245]: [source:circuits/timers.py timers]: Added new Timers component to manage Timer (individual) components.
 * In [246]: [source:circuits/__init__.py circuits]: Import new Timers component into circuits namespace.
 * In [244]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Better sub (-) and isub (-=) support; checks if y (component being unregistered) is registered with this manager/component and calls "unregistered" function of y (component being unregistered) if available.
 * In [253]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Even though there is 1 error and 1 failure - this is by far the best attempt at merging and deprecating SimpleComponent into Component. Now any method defined (that isn't already an event handler or doesn't start with a _) automatically becomes an event handler listening on a channel that reflects the method's name

=== Enhancements ===
 * In [217]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Slightly improved performance of handlers function by 2%
 * In [218]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Slightly improved performance of handlers function by 1%
 * In [219]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Removed superfluous handler variable - not used anymore
 * In [221]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Improved event queuing improving performance by 6%
 * In [222]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Event Handler functions don't need the argspec stored
 * In [223]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Improved performance by 10% by caching handler branch points for send/iter
 * In [224]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Simplified no. of brnaches for calling handlers in send/iter
 * In [230]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Improved performance of flush() by using an iter vs. a while and popping the events
 * Breaks Bridge - test_bridge fails on L71
 * In [249]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Simplified and flattened handlers()
 * In [251]: [source:circuits/timers.py timers]: Changed add method to addTimer (conflicts with Component class)

=== Fixes ===
 * In [257]: [source:circuits/workers.py workers]: Fixed Process component and moved Thread that runs the actual function inside the process
 * In [259]: [source:circuits/bridge.py bridge]: Fixed bridge by fixing public methods that were getting confused as existing event handlers
 * In [237]: [source:circuits/workers.py workers]: Fixed Process to share running state properly so the process can be stopped properly
 * In [220]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Fixed doc string tests - bad indentation
 * In [215]: [source:circuits/core.py core]: Fixed defect in handlers for default case - where the handlers for that channel itself were not being picked up (with no target part)

=== Library ===

==== New ====
 * In [233]: [source:circuits/lib/pygamepump.py lib.pygamepump]: Added new PyGamePump component to pump pygame events into a system - See [source:examples/pygameex.py examples/pygamex.py]

==== Updated ====
 * In [250]: [source:circuits/lib/web.py lib.web]: Changed _AutoListener metaclass to ExposeType - Also don't setup previously setup event handlers as exposed handlers
 * In [212]: [source:circuits/lib/irc.py lib.irc]: Added event handlers for all implemented irc commands
 * In [226]: [source:circuits/lib/irc.py lib.irc]; Added NAMES command
 * In [227]: [source:circuits/lib/ann.py lib/ann]: Fixed __init__ to properly call their base class
 * In [229]: [source:circuits/lib/ann.py lib.ann]: Fixed bad indentation
 * In [235]: [source:circuits/lib/ann.py lib.ann]: Compatibility fixes
 * In [236]: [source:circuits/lib/web.py lib.web]: Fixed expose decorator to match changes in core's listener changes in 1b08204a9763
 * In [239]: [source:circuits/lib/sockets.py lib].sockets: Documented events
 * In [240]: [source:circuits/lib/irc.py lib.irc]; Documented events
 * In [241]: [source:circuits/lib/irc.py lib.irc]; Added WHOIS command
 * In [255]: [source:circuits/lib/web.py lib.web]: Fixed Controller by subclassing BaseComponent instead (fixes metaclass error being thrown)
 * In [256]: [source:circuits/lib/web.py lib.web]: Fixed expose (re-added request, response args - 237 had removed them)
 * In [207]: [source:circuits/lib/ann.py lib.ann]: Fixed bad import of Worker

=== Examples ===

==== New ====
 * In [213]: [source:examples/circ.py examples/circ.py]: Added new example circ - An urwid/circuits irc client
 * In [232]: [source:examples/ examples]: New Examples
 * In [234]: [source:examples/ai/ examples/ai/: AI and ANN examples added

==== Updated ====
 * In [258]: [source:examples/workertest.py examples/workertest.py]: Fixed checking of running state (use isAlive())

=== Tools ===

==== New ====
''No new tools''

==== Updated ====
 * In [204]: [source:circuits/tools/bench.py tools.bench]: Removed pymills dependancy on misc.duration (imported this function)
 * In [205]: [source:circuits/tools/sniffer.py tools.sniffer]: Fixed improper usage of {{{debugger.Debugger}}}. {{{Debugger.enable()}}} and friends are deprecated.
 * In [242]: [source:circuits/tools/bench.py tools.bench]: Fixed broken condition checking mode. Changed default mode to Speed Test

=== Tests ===
 * In [260]: [source:circuits/tests/tests.test_bridge.py tests.test_bridge]: Removed close() - deprecated
 * In [261]: [source:circuits/tests/tests.test_workers.py tests.test_workers]: Fixed test by waiting until worker has finished
 * In [252]: [source:circuits/tests/tests.test_timers.py tests.test_timers]: Updated to use addTimer method vs. add
 * In [247]: [source:circuits/tests/tests.test_timers.py tests.test_timers]: Modified to use new Timers component which in turn uses Timer
 * In [214]: [source:circuits/tests/tests/test_debugger.py tests.test_debugger]: Fixed Debugger tests
 * In [216]: [source:circuits/tests/tests/test_core.py tests.test_core]: Fixed event handler target test
 * In [228]: [source:circuits/tests/tests/test_workers.py tests.test_workers]: Fixed tests to adapt to recent workers revamp
 * In [248]: [source:circuits/tests/test_timers.py tests.test_timers]: Fixed indentation


== 1.0a2 ==
 Released:: 20081120 (''20th November 2008'')
 Revision:: [200]

=== Documentation ===
 * Documentation Improvements: See: [wiki:docs Documentation]
 * Documentation moved to Trac (''Dropped use of Sphinx''). #1

=== NEW ===
 * Basic WSGI Support:
 * Added in [115]
 * Improved in [174]
 * In [143]: [source:circuits/tools/sniffer.py tools.sniffer]: Added sniffer tool used to debug/sniff Events of another system that has an instnace of the [source:circuits/bridge.py Bridge] Component.
 * In [128]: [source:circuits/lib/web.py lib.web]: Addded very simple FileServer Component
 * In [126]: [source:circuits/lib/http.py lib.http]: Added traceback support to sendError for more meaningful HTTP Errors.
 * In [118]: [source:circuits/lib/web.py lib.web]: Added very very simple Logger to log requests (''prints to stderr'').

=== Enhancements ===
 * In [184]: [source:circuits/debugger.py debugger]: If logger is not None, treat it as a logging.Logger instance and log incoming events as debug messages.
 * In [183]: [source:circuits/debugger.py debugger]: Removed useless methods - Juset set enabled attribute appropiately.
 * In [168]: [source:circuits/lib/http.py lib.http]: Removed _Request.__call__ in favor of {{{process()}}} followed by {{{str(response)}}}
 * In [163]: [source:circuits/lib/web.py lib.web]: Better consistent docroot settings. docroot is __always__ the current path unless explicitly set.
 * In [150], [151]: [source:circuits/lib/irc.py lib.irc]: Added nick property to IRC Component. Setting a new nick causes a new nick to be sent to the connected server. Also set our own record of our nick when ircNICK is called.

=== Fixes ===
 * In [192]: [source:circuits/lib/web.py lib.web]: Fix registration and polling to work independantly within other Systems and Components. ie: The run() method doesn't have to be utilized.
 * In [175]: [source:circuits/lib/http.py lib.http]: Fixed bug on Content-Length header in HTTP Component ensuring the value is a str. Required by WSGI.
 * In [164]: [source:circuits/lib/http.py lib.http]: Fixed a bug in HTTP Component where body could be None (''due to caching'').
 * In [149]: [source:circuits/lib/irc.py lib.irc]: Fixed a bug in IRC Component where writing to client failed.
 * In [131]: [source:circuits/lib/config.py lib.config]: Fixed getint, getfloat and getboolean functions to call their respective super counterparts.
 * In [122]: [source:circuits/lib/web.py lib.web]: Print Server version and tell user where we're listening.
 * In [117]: [source:circuits/lib/web.py lib.web]: Fixed cookie support.

=== Examples ===

==== New ====
 * In [159]: [source:examples/primes.py examples/primes.py]: Added (Distributed) Prime Number finder example
 * In [148]: [source:examples/ircbot.py examples/ircbot.py]: Added simple IRC Bot example
 * In [116]: [source:examples/simpleweb.wsgi examples/simpleweb.wsgi]: Added simple WSGI example using the new WSGI support.
 * In [146]: [source:examples/eventclient.py examples/eventclient.py]: Added simple event client example demonstrating the Bridge Component and basic request/reponse
 * In [145]: [source:examples/eventserver.py examples/eventserver.py]: Added simple event server example demonstrating the Bridge Component and basic request/reponse
 * In [140]: [source:examples/timers.py examples/timers.py]: Added simple timers example showing the use of the Timer Component

==== Updated ====
 * In [158]: [source:examples/helloweb.py examples/helloweb.py]: Greatly simplified and documented
 * In [157], [156]: [source:examples/hello.py examples/hello.py]: Greatly simplified and documented


== 1.0a1 ==
 Released:: 2008-11-06 (''6th November 2008'')
 Revision:: [112]

First official release.
----
[.. Up]
