= Circuits Documentation =

[[TOC]]

== Overview ==
'''circuits''' is a '''light weight''', '''Event''' driven framework
with a focus on '''Component''' Software Architectures where System
Functionality is defined in Components.

Components communicate with one another by propagating events throughout
the system. Each Component can react to events and expose events to other
parts of the system. Components are able to manage their own events and
can also be registered to other Components.

circuits has a clean architecture and has no external dependencies on any
other library. It's simplistic design is unmatchable and delivers a
powerful framework for building large, scalable, maintainable applications
and systems. circuits was a core integral part of the
[http://trac.softcircuit.com.au/pymills pymills] library developed in 2006
and was partly inspired by the [http://trac.edgewall.org Trac] architecture.

=== Quick Examples ===

==== Hello World! ====
{{{
#!python
>>> from circuits import Event, Component
>>>
>>> class MyApp(Component):
...   def hello(self):
...      print "Hello World!"
>>> app = MyApp()
>>> app.start()
>>> app.push(Event(), "hello")
Hello World!
}}}

==== Hello World! (Web) ====
{{{
#!python
from circuits.web import Server, Controller

class Root(Controller):

    def index(self):
        return "Hello World!"

(Server(8000) + Root()).run()
}}}

== Getting Started ==
Download and install the circuits library. Learn how to write Components and
be sure to check out the Examples and the classic [source:examples/hello.py Hello World!]

 * [./DownloadInstall Downloading and Installing]
 * [./Tutorial Circuits Tutorial]
 * [./CircuitsWeb circuits.web] ''circuits and the web''
 * [./FrequentlyAskedQuestions Frequently Asked Questions]

== Documentation ==
 * [export:/docs/html/index.html Library Documentation]
 * [./Performance Performance]
 * [./tools Development Tools]
 * [wiki:release Releases]

== Project Information ==
 * [./Philosophy Project Philosophy]
 * [./Contributing Contributing]
 * [./License License]
----