= Welcome to circuits =

[[BlogList(recent=3, max_size=250, format=float, heading=Latest News)]]

== Overview ==
'''circuits''' is a '''Lightweight''', '''Event''' driven '''Framework'''
with a strong '''Component''' Architecture.

Components communicate with one another by propagating Events on Channels
throughout the System. Each Component has a set of Event Handlers that
can listen for or filter Events on one or more Channels. Components react to Events and in turn expose further Events into the System. Each Component
is capable of managing it's own Events as well as those of other Components.
Complex directed graph structures can be created with Component Registrations,
this gives a level of hierarchy and separation of concern.

circuits' has a clean architecture and has no external dependencies on any
other library. It's simplistic design is unmatchable and delivers a
powerful framework for building large, scalable, maintainable applications
and systems. circuits' comes with a host of library of standard components
that can be quickly used to build your application or system, whether it be
an IRC Bot, Desktop Application, Web Server, Web Application, Network Server,
Distributed Application or just a simple script! There is also a collection
of [/recipes Community Recipes and Components].

=== Quick Examples ===

==== Hello World! ====
{{{
#!python
>>> from circuits import Event, Component
>>>
>>> class App(Component):
...   def hello(self):
...      print "Hello World!"
>>> app = App()
>>> app.start()
>>> app.push(Event(), "hello")
Hello World!
}}}

==== Hello Web! ====
{{{
#!python
from circuits.web import Server, Controller

class Root(Controller):

   def index(self):
      return "Hello World!"

(Server(8000) + Root()).run()
}}}

This will serve {{{Hello World!}}} on http://127.0.0.1:8000/

== [/downloads Downloads] ==
 * [/downloads Latest Release]
  * [http://pypi.python.org/pypi/circuits/ Latest Release from Python Packages]
 * [http://hg.softcircuit.com.au/projects/circuits/archive/tip.tar.gz Latest Development Snapshot]

=== [http://hg.softcircuit.com.au/projects/circuits/ Development Branch] ===
Download the latest development branch by using
[http://www.selenic.com/mercurial/wiki/ Mercurial]:
{{{
#!sh
$ hg clone http://hg.softcircuit.com.au/projects/circuits/
}}}

==== Mirrors (Other Branches) ====
The circuits development branch is mirrored by the
folks at [http://freehg.org FreeHg]:
 * [http://freehg.org/u/prologic/circuits FreeHg Mirror]

== [wiki:docs Documentation] ==
 * [wiki:docs/ChangeLog ChangeLog]
 * [wiki:docs/DownloadInstall Downloading and Installing]
 * [wiki:docs/Tutorial Circuits Tutorial]
 * [wiki:docs/CircuitsWeb circuits.web] ''circuits and the web''
 * [export:/docs/html/index.html Library Documentation]
 * [wiki:docs/FrequentlyAskedQuestions Frequently Asked Questions]
 * [wiki:docs/Contributing Contributing]
 * [wiki:docs/License License]
 * SandBox <-- Play Area!

=== Examples ===
 * [source:examples/helloweb.py Half Stack Hello World Web Server]
 * [source:examples/simpleweb.py Full Stack Hello World Web Server]
 * [source:examples/simpleweb.wsgi Hello World WSGI]
 * [source:examples/echoserer.py Simple Echo Server]
 * [source:examples/telnet.py Telnet Client]
 * [source:examples/ircbot.py Simple IRC Bot]
 * [source:examples/ircclient.py Basic IRC Client]
 * [source:examples/ More Examples ...]
  * [source:examples/web/ More Web Examples ...]

== Community ==
 * '''IRC''': [irc://irc.freenode.net/circuits #circuits on irc.freenode.net]
 * '''Google Groups''':
  * ''Home'': http://groups.google.com.au/group/circuits-users
  * ''Email'': circuits-users@googlegroups.com
 * '''Trac''' [/ Trac/Wiki]
 * [/recipes Community Recipes and Components]

=== Reviews ===
JesseNoller blogged about circuits and gave a really good review [http://jessenoller.com/2009/01/31/circuits-event-driven-components/ here].

----
Help using this site:
 * TracGuide --  Built-in Documentation

Log in as guest/circuits to create tickets.
